0:01
Welcome back. In Module 1, you built your first models with PyTorch and you got comfortable with
0:05
the fundamentals. And if you're new to this, that's a solid foundation. And if you're more
0:10
experienced, you probably picked up some interesting PyTorch-specific patterns along
0:14
the way. But now, let's tackle something more interesting. But first, I need your help with
0:19
the problem. My friend Andrew sent me this letter and his handwriting is just as bad as mine. I
0:27
can't read a single word. It's, well, it's unique. So I had an idea. What if I could train a neural
0:33
network to read this for me? I took the letter and I segmented it into individual images like this.
0:40
And then I tried to build a model to classify each character. You know that this squiggle is an A and
0:46
that one's an N and so on. Once I could classify each letter, I should be able to reconstruct the
0:51
whole message. But when I ran my model, this is what I got. Not quite right. So I'm going to need
0:56
your help translating this letter. But you're going to need some new tools because you're going
1:00
to be working with images. And this means a lot more data than you saw in Module 1. Each image
1:06
here contains hundreds, maybe even thousands of pixel values. In fact, for the rest of this course,
1:11
we're going to focus on images. And we'll give you the time to really master the machine learning
1:16
pipeline before we move on to more advanced topics. And you'll explore loss functions and
1:20
optimizers in a lot more detail. And you'll pick up some PyTorch-specific techniques like how to
1:26
manage devices such as GPUs. By the end of this module, you'll have built a multi-layer neural
1:31
network that can hopefully decode Andrew's letter. But before you tackle this handwriting, you're
1:36
going to start by practicing on something a little bit more simple. These are handwritten digits and
1:41
you can see there's a lot of variation in different handwriting styles. Numbers might be written
1:46
neatly, messily, slanted and a whole lot more. And while you can probably decipher these numbers
1:51
easily, how would you get a neural network to do the same? As you might recognize, these examples
1:55
come from a dataset called MNIST. And yes, you might be rolling your eyes a little bit and this
2:00
does get used a lot. I get it. But hear me out. There's a good reason for starting here, especially
2:06
when you're just beginning your PyTorch journey. MNIST is a really good starting point because it's
2:11
simple and it's structured in a way that makes it easy to train a neural network. All of the images
2:16
are 28 by 28 pixels and they're grayscale, neatly centered and labeled with one of 10 digits from 0
2:23
to 9. Plus, with MNIST, you can train a working model in minutes, not hours. And this will help
2:29
you learn the core ideas before you move on to more complex challenges. So in the next two videos,
2:34
you're going to take a fresh look at the ML pipeline and learn the PyTorch way of doing
2:38
things with images. The first video focuses on data. Real world datasets are large and messy
2:44
and you'll need better tools to load and manage them effectively. Then after that, in the next
2:49
video, you're going to move beyond sequential and build models with more flexibility while also
2:54
taking a closer look at how training actually works. These videos are going to lay the groundwork
2:59
for building your first image classifier using MNIST as a stepping stone towards building
3:05
something called a convolutional neural network. So let's dive in and see what's new.