0:00
Welcome to PyTorch Fundamentals, the first course in the PyTorch for Deep Learning
0:04
Professional Certificate. PyTorch has become one of the most widely used frameworks in AI,
0:09
and is a tool that researchers rely on, engineers build with, and students and professionals
0:15
everywhere want to learn. In fact, a large part of the recent generative AI revolution
0:20
is powered by PyTorch. But the path to learning it isn't always clear. There are tutorials
0:25
everywhere and it can be hard to know what's relevant and what's high quality when you're
0:29
just starting out. That's why we put together this clear, structured path for learning PyTorch.
0:35
You start at the fundamentals and then build up to more advanced architectures step by step.
0:40
And I'm excited to introduce Lawrence Moroney, whose courses and books have helped most people
0:45
get started with AI and deep learning. Lawrence has been working with PyTorch extensively for
0:51
many years and seen how it's changing the way we build models. So Lawrence,
0:56
what got you excited about teaching PyTorch? I think one of the things that when I first
0:59
really started looking at PyTorch is that, remember way back you and I, we did some
1:04
TensorFlow specializations and TensorFlow courses. And one of the most beloved ones was we did
1:09
something called the Keras Functional API. And what the Keras Functional API did was it changed
1:14
everything for me in that you weren't designing your models to be linear. You could start thinking
1:19
about more exotic models with like Siamese networks and skip level and stuff like that.
1:24
And when I started then looking into PyTorch, PyTorch just did that natively.
1:28
How you design your network and how you design your forward pass in code, it just made it simple
1:33
and it was like the default experience rather than an add-on experience. And that got me really,
1:38
really excited about like, wow, I can start really building much more advanced models,
1:43
much more simply. That's what I love about this first course is that we're going to start
1:47
building right away. We're going to just look at our first PyTorch model. We'll write the code,
1:51
we'll run it, we'll watch it learn from data. But by the end, we'll actually have an image
1:54
classifier that can label objects in an image. One of the things that Keras did well back then
2:00
and now PyTorch is let you put together building blocks that could more easily be put together to
2:07
form more complex architectures. I'm just really excited about that, how we can just help learners
2:13
on that journey to go from zero all the way up to the most advanced architectures by that block-based
2:18
approach that you mentioned. I know a lot of us prompt large language models, it lets you get a
2:22
lot done. But beyond a certain point, a lot of my teams do very advanced things with cutting-edge
2:27
models, be it fine-tuning, cutting-edge generative AI models, the tuning, very high performance
2:33
on visual AI models. So I think in today's world with a lot of work going on in AI, this is a
2:39
particularly important skill set. I also want to help you to understand that even if you're just
2:43
getting started on your journey, by starting with code, by starting with understanding the
2:48
fundamentals and using a powerful framework like PyTorch, it's really setting you up for success
2:53
in this world. One other thing that I find delightful about PyTorch is the ease of use
3:01
actually makes it more fun. Because when you're playing around, downloading an open-source PyTorch
3:05
package, the relative ease with which you could, you know, get the Transformers library from
3:11
Hugging Face and fine-tune that, it actually makes it more fun. So in addition to, you know,
3:15
finding jobs, which is absolutely important, I find that the speed also just makes this work
3:21
more enjoyable. Absolutely agree. And I think that ease of use, not just for building, but also like
3:27
when things go wrong, to be able to find and fix problems and debug them, you know, allows you to
3:31
be more successful quickly. So with this professional certificate, start with the first course
3:36
and the fundamentals, but eventually going up to the professional certificate, I think it'll make
3:41
learners much more job ready. I hope you enjoy learning PyTorch. Let's go on to the next video
3:47
and get started.